PREVIOUSLY ON FRIENDS:
I DON'T FEEL LIKE I HAVE
A GIRLFRIEND ANYMORE.
YOU WANT ME TO JUST QUIT
MY JOB SO YOU CAN FEEL LIKE
YOU'VE GOT A GIRLFRIEND?
IS THIS ABOUT MARK?
OH, MY GOD!
OKAY, IT'S NOT.
OH, MY GOD.
I CANNOT KEEP HAVING
THIS SAME FIGHT
WITH YOU, ROSS.
LOOK, MAYBE WE SHOULD
JUST TAKE A BREAK!
FINE, YOU'RE RIGHT.
LET'S... TAKE A BREAK.
LET'S GET SOME FROZEN YOGURT.
NO...
( sighing ):
A BREAK FROM US.
THEN WE HAD THIS
BIG, STUPID FIGHT
AND I SAID I WANTED
TO TAKE A BREAK.
I DON'T WANT TO TAKE A BREAK.
I THINK THIS IS CRAZY.
Don't you think
we can work on this?
WHAT DO YOU
WANT TO DRINK?
WHO'S THAT?
NOBODY?
IS THAT MARK?
LOOK, HE JUST CAME OVER...
YEAH. GOT IT.
HEY! COME DANCE.
WHAT, ARE YOU MARRIED?
( nervous chuckle )
'CAUSE THAT'S OKAY.
HEY.
HOW WAS THE BIG
ANNIVERSARY DINNER?
WELL...
WE NEVER ACTUALLY
GOT TO DINNER.
( chuckling ):
WHOA... NICE.
NO, WE KIND OF
BROKE UP INSTEAD.
WHAT?!
( screaming )
OH, MY GOD!
IT'S ON THE CEILING!
THAT'S OKAY.
THIS IS MORE IMPORTANT
THAN FRUIT...
ON MY CEILING.
YOU BROKE UP?
YEAH, BUT IT'S OKAY
BECAUSE WHEN ROSS LEFT,
MARK CAME OVER.
OH, NO!
RACHEL, YOU AND MARK?
NO, NO, IT'S OKAY.
CALM DOWN.
MARK AND I TALKED
AND I REALIZED HOW MUCH
I LOVE YOUR STUPID BROTHER
AND...
YEAH, WE GOT OUR PROBLEMS
BUT I REALLY WANT
TO MAKE IT WORK.
MORNING...
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME, TOO. ♪
( beep )
Rachel:
Hi. It's me.
I've been trying
to reach you all night.
I feel awful.
Please, Ross,
you've got to know
there's nothing
between me and Mark.
This whole break-up thing
is just stupid.
( groaning ):
YEAH!
I'm just so sorry
I put you through it.
And I-I, you know, I don't
want to get back together
over a machine...
UH-UH.
I love you.
I LOVE YOU.
And you know what?
I'm going to go to bed now
but on my way to work
tomorrow morning
I'm going to stop by
around 8:30.
Bye.
( beep )
CHLOE, CHLOE, HOW'S IT COMING?
HEY, WHAT KIND OF PUPPY
DO YOU THINK I SHOULD GET?
UM, HEY, YOU KNOW,
I DON'T KNOW.
HOW ABOUT A BIG ONE?
MY APARTMENT'S...
THEN, A SMALL ONE.
LISTEN, LET'S...
WE KIND OF HAVE
TO GET GOING.
WAIT! WHERE'S MY SHOES?
YOUR... YOU NEED SHOES?
YEAH, OKAY.
DO I KNOW WHY
WE'RE RUSHING?
YEAH. YOU KNOW
THE GIRLFRIEND
I TOLD YOU ABOUT
LAST NIGHT?
IT TURNS OUT THAT...
SHE WANTS TO GET
BACK TOGETHER...
OH, I FOUND IT!
THAT'S SO GREAT
FOR YOU GUYS!
YEAH.
YOU MUST BE SO HAPPY.
YES. YES, I AM--
ONE OF THE MANY
THINGS I'M FEELING.
WELL...
GOOD LUCK WITH
YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
OH, THANK YOU.
AY! HEY...
( chuckling )
RACHEL...!
OH, YOU GOT MY MESSAGE?
BOY, YOU ARE RIGHT ON TIME.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
CAN I BE YOUR GIRLFRIEND AGAIN?
YES, YOU CAN. VERY MUCH.
AH-AH-AH...
HEY.
HEY, WHY ARE YOU
MOPPING YOUR CEILING?
OH, THERE'S BANANA ON IT.
WOW. I HAVE THE SPIRIT
OF AN OLD INDIAN WOMAN
LIVING IN MINE.
SO THEN YOU KNOW.
THE MAILMAN WAS DOWNSTAIRS,
SO I BROUGHT UP YOUR MAIL.
OH, GOOD. THANKS.
NOW, WHAT IS "FABUTEK"?
OKAY...
ALL RIGHT, DON'T JUDGE ME
TOO MUCH, OKAY?
BUT I SAW THIS INFOMERCIAL,
AND I SWEAR TO YOU
I'VE NEVER, EVER BOUGHT
ANYTHING ON TV BEFORE...
EXCEPT FOR THIS MOP.
BUT THERE WAS THIS STUFF
ON LEG WAXING
AND IT LOOKED SO AMAZING...
WAXINE!
YES! HAVE YOU SEEN IT?
OH! IT'S INCREDIBLE!
I SO WANT TO BE
A WAXINE GIRL!
I KNOW!
GOD... DO YOU THINK
IT REALLY DOESN'T HURT?
'CAUSE HOW CAN THEY DO THAT?
HELLO? "ORGANIC SUBSTANCES
RECENTLY DISCOVERED
IN THE DEPTHS
OF THE RAIN FOREST"?
THEY HAVE THE BEST STUFF
IN THERE.
OH, MY GOD.
YEAH, WE FIGURED
WHEN WE COULDN'T FIND YOU
YOU'D GONE HOME
TO MAKE UP WITH RACHEL
WHICH IS PROBABLY WHAT
YOU SHOULD HAVE DONE, HUH?
YOU THINK?!
GOD, I...
I'M IN HELL.
I MEAN, WHAT
AM I GOING TO DO?
RACHEL'S ALL "I LOVE YOU"
AND "LET'S WORK ON THIS."
ALL I CAN THINK ABOUT IS
WHAT IS SHE GONNA DO,
WHAT IS SHE GONNA SAY
WHEN I TELL HER WHAT I DID?
WELL, BEFORE WE ANSWER THAT
I THINK WE SHOULD ADDRESS
THE MORE IMPORTANT QUESTION--
HOW DUMB ARE YOU?
WHAT?
WE'RE TRYING TO REBUILD
A RELATIONSHIP HERE.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO DO THAT
WITHOUT BEING TOTALLY HONEST
WITH EACH OTHER?
ROSS, LOOK
I'M ON BOARD ABOUT THE
"TOTAL HONESTY" THING-- I AM.
JUST NOT ABOUT STUFF THAT'S
GOING TO GET YOU IN TROUBLE.
HE'S RIGHT-- NOBODY'S
GOING TO BENEFIT
AND YOU'RE JUST
GOING TO HURT HER.
AND THERE WON'T BE
A RELATIONSHIP LEFT TO REBUILD.
YEAH, BUT DON'T YOU...?
IF YOU ABSOLUTELY
HAVE TO TELL HER
AT LEAST WAIT TILL
THE TIMING'S RIGHT.
AND THAT'S WHAT
DEATHBEDS ARE FOR.
YEAH, OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, NOW, WE JUST
HAVE TO MAKE SURE
SHE DOESN'T FIND OUT
SOME OTHER WAY.
DID YOU THINK
ABOUT THE TRAIL?
WHAT TRAIL?
THE TRAIL FROM THE WOMAN
YOU DID IT WITH
TO THE WOMAN YOU HOPE
NEVER FINDS OUT YOU DID IT.
YOU ALWAYS HAVE TO THINK
ABOUT THE TRAIL!
NO, I DON'T THINK
THERE'S ANY TRAIL.
OKAY. OKAY, OKAY.
UH, CHLOE WORKS
WITH THAT GUY ISAAC.
ISAAC'S SISTER IS JASMINE
AND JASMINE WORKS AT
THE MASSAGE PLACE WITH PHOEBE.
PHOEBE'S FRIENDS WITH RACHEL,
AND THAT'S THE TRAIL!
I DID IT!
"AFTER APPLYING THE WAXINE
AND LINEN STRIPS
TO LEG NUMBER ONE..."
DID THAT.
OKAY.
"...GRASP ONE OF THE LINEN
STRIPS BY ITS EASY-GRAB TAB
AND PULL IT OFF
IN ONE QUICK PAIN-FREE MOTION."
OKAY...
( screaming ):
OWW!
IS IT NOT PAIN-FREE?
NO! IT WAS PAINFUL!
OH, MY GOD, THEY SHOULD CALL IT
"PAINZEEN,
NOW WITH A LITTLE WAX."
HUH. WELL, THE GIRLS
IN THE SATIN NIGHTIES
ON THE COMMERCIAL
DON'T SEEM TO THINK
IT'S THAT BAD.
THAT'S BECAUSE THEIR NERVES
ARE PROBABLY DEADENED
FROM BEING SO STUPID.
BUT, HEY, YOU KNOW,
IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE ME
PLEASE, BE MY GUEST.
OW! OW! OW! OW!
OH, MY GOD!
NOW AREN'T YOU GLAD
WE DIDN'T START
WITH THE BIKINI STRIPS?
CHLOE, HI.
IS THIS ABOUT ME
TAKING YOUR WATCH?
YOU TOOK MY WATCH?
I'M SORRY. I DO THAT.
JUST... YOU KEEP IT.
LISTEN, DID YOU
TELL ANYONE ABOUT US?
OH, NO.
I FEEL THAT IT REALLY ISN'T
ANYBODY'S BUSINESS, YOU KNOW?
SO YOU DIDN'T MENTION
ANYTHING TO ISAAC, RIGHT?
OH, WELL, I TELL
ISAAC EVERYTHING.
OF COURSE YOU DO.
ISAAC...
HI, ISAAC.
ISAAC, HI.
WE HAVEN'T
ACTUALLY MET.
YOU DOG!
YES, I SUPPOSE I AM A DOG
BUT, ISAAC, SEE, I-I HAPPEN
TO HAVE A GIRLFRIEND.
OH, RIGHT, THAT RACHEL CHICK
FROM THE COFFEE PLACE.
YEAH, THAT'S THE ONE.
LISTEN, I DON'T WANT
TO HURT HER.
OH, HEY, MAN, I KNOW.
DOESN'T MATTER
HOW MUCH WE LOVE THEM.
MONOGAMY IS TOO CRUEL A RULE.
YEAH...
LISTEN, CAN YOU KEEP
THIS INFORMATION TO YOURSELF?
OH, NO PROBLEM, DUDE.
WE GOT TO LOOK OUT
FOR EACH OTHER.
WE'RE THE SAME, YOU AND ME.
ACTUALLY... NO, WE'RE NOT.
YEAH, WE ARE.
NO... WE'RE NOT.
NO, WE'RE NOT.
OKAY, WE'RE NOT.
ALL RIGHT.
BUT WE ARE.
FINE. I JUST NEED TO KNOW
THAT YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO TELL YOUR SISTER.
I CAN PROMISE NOT
TO TELL HER AGAIN.
JASMINE?
UH-HUH.
WE MET AT PHOEBE'S
BIRTHDAY PARTY.
I'M ROSS GELLER.
YOU DID A BAD THING!
YES, I DID.
VERY BAD.
VERY, VERY BAD.
I'M AGREEING WITH YOU.
DID YOU... LISTEN, DID YOU
HAPPEN TO TELL PHOEBE YET?
NO.
OKAY, JASMINE
PLEASE... PLEASE DON'T.
I LOVE MY GIRLFRIEND
VERY MUCH
AND I WANT MORE
THAN ANYTHING
TO JUST WORK IT OUT
WITH HER, OKAY?
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
BUT YOU SHOULD PROBABLY
TALK TO MY ROOMMATE
BECAUSE I TOLD HIM,
AND HE KNOWS PHOEBE, TOO.
WHO'S YOUR ROOMMATE?
GUNTHER!
GUNTHER, PLEASE TELL ME
YOU DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING
TO RACHEL ABOUT ME AND
THE GIRL FROM THE COPY PLACE.
I'M SORRY.
WAS I NOT SUPPOSED TO?
OW!
( both screaming )
( both yelling )
Phoebe:
WE'RE ALL RIGHT.
IT'S OKAY,
IT'S OKAY.
WE'RE ALL RIGHT.
WE WERE JUST
WAXING OUR LEGS.
OFF?!
FOR YOUR INFORMATION,
THIS HAPPENS TO BE A PAIN
LIKE NO MAN
WILL EVER EXPERIENCE.
I DON'T THINK YOU CAN
MAKE THAT STATEMENT
UNLESS YOU'VE BEEN
KICKED IN AN AREA
GOD ONLY MEANT
TO BE TREATED NICELY.
I THINK WOMEN JUST HAVE
A LOWER THRESHOLD FOR PAIN
THAN MEN, THAT'S ALL.
COME ON. IT'S JUST
A LITTLE WAX.
OH, YEAH?
COME HERE.
OH, THAT'S MATURE.
OKAY, FINE.
SO, NOW WHAT?
I JUST PULL IT OFF?
THAT'S RIGHT.
UH-HUH.
( whimpering )
Ross:
COME ON, RACHEL.
COME ON, TALK
TO ME, PLEASE.
Rachel:
I CAN'T EVEN LOOK
AT YOU RIGHT NOW.
Monica:
WHAT?
NOTHING. NOTHING.
RACHEL SAID EVERYTHING
WAS OKAY.
WHAT ARE THEY TALKING ABOUT?
Ross:
RACHEL--
JUST GET AWAY
FROM ME!
IT WAS A MISTAKE.
I MADE A MISTAKE, OKAY?
"A MISTAKE"?!
WHAT WERE YOU TRYING
TO PUT IT IN-- HER PURSE?!
WHERE... WHERE
DID HE PUT IT?
ROSS, YOU HAD SEX
WITH ANOTHER WOMAN!
OH, MY GOD.
OH, GOD.
I KNEW SOMETHING
HAD TO BE WRONG
BECAUSE MY FINGERNAILS
DID NOT GROW
AT ALL YESTERDAY.
YEAH, WELL, I GUESS
THEY HAD A FIGHT
AND HE GOT DRUNK...
YOU GUYS KNEW ABOUT THIS
AND YOU DIDN'T TELL US?!
HE HAD SEX
AND WE GET HIT
ON OUR HEADS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I WANT YOU TO LEAVE.
NO! NO!
JUST GET OUT. NOW!
I WANT TO STAY.
I WANT TO TALK ABOUT THIS.
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
HOW WAS SHE?
UH-OH.
WHAT?
WAS SHE GOOD?
DON'T ANSWER THAT.
Rachel:
COME ON, ROSS. YOU SAID YOU
WANTED TO TALK ABOUT IT.
LET'S TALK ABOUT IT!
HOW WAS SHE?
SHE WAS...
AWFUL.
HORRIBLE.
SHE WAS NOT GOOD.
NOTHING COMPARED TO YOU.
SHE... SHE WAS DIFFERENT.
OH...
UH-OH.
GOOD. DIFFERENT?
NOBODY LIKES CHANGE... I...
YOU JUST STOP...
WHAT? OKAY, OKAY,
OKAY-- OKAY.
SH-SHOULD WE DO SOMETHING?
YEAH. NEVER CHEAT
ON RACHEL.
I'M SORRY, OKAY? I'M SORRY.
I WAS... I WAS DISGUSTED
WITH MYSELF
AND THIS MORNING,
I WAS SO... SO UPSET
AND THEN I GOT YOUR MESSAGE.
I WAS SO HAPPY
AND ALL I WANTED
WAS TO GET HER
OUT OF MY APARTMENT
AS FAST AS POSS...
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
WAIT A MINUTE.
WHAT TIME DID YOUR
LITTLE FRIEND LEAVE?
UH...
OH, MY GOSH.
SHE WAS THERE...
SHE WAS STILL THERE?
SHE WAS IN THERE
WHEN I WAS IN THERE?!
OH! JUST... GET... OUT!
LISTEN-- OH, HEY, HEY,
THE IMPORTANT THING IS
SHE MEANT NOTHING TO ME.
AND YET SHE WAS
WORTH JEOPARDIZING
OUR RELATIONSHIP!
LOOK, I DIDN'T THINK
THERE WAS A RELATIONSHIP
TO JEOPARDIZE.
I THOUGHT WE WERE BROKEN UP.
WE WERE ON A BREAK.
THAT, FOR ALL I KNEW,
COULD LAST FOREVER.
THAT, TO ME, IS A BREAK UP.
YOU THINK YOU'LL GET OUT
OF THIS ON A TECHNICALITY?
I'M NOT TRYING TO GET OUT
OF ANYTHING.
I THOUGHT
OUR RELATIONSHIP WAS DEAD.
WELL, YOU SURE HAD A HELL
OF A TIME AT THE WAKE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T THINK WE SHOULD
LISTEN TO THIS ANYMORE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WE CAN'T GO OUT THERE.
WHY NOT?
I'M HUNGRY.
BECAUSE THEY'LL KNOW
WE'VE BEEN LISTENING.
GOD! AND TO HAVE TO HEAR
ABOUT IT FROM GUNTHER!
LIKE I WANTED HIM
TO TELL YOU?
I RAN ALL OVER THE PLACE
TRYING TO MAKE SURE
THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN.
OH, THAT IS SO SWEET.
I THINK I'M FALLING IN LOVE
WITH YOU ALL OVER AGAIN.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK WE CAN
GO OUT THERE.
THEY HAVE MORE
IMPORTANT THINGS
TO WORRY ABOUT.
YEAH, WE'LL BE FINE.
LOOK, RACHEL,
I WANTED TO TELL YOU.
I THOUGHT I SHOULD, I DID
AND THEN CHANDLER AND JOEY
CONVINCED ME NOT TO.
WAX THE DOOR SHUT.
WE'RE NEVER
LEAVING, EVER.
HI. IT'S PHOEBE.
LISTEN, SOMEONE'S GOING TO HAVE
TO TAKE MY 9:00 WITH MR. REHAK
'CAUSE IT'S, LIKE, 9:15 NOW,
AND I'M NOT THERE.
Ross:
DON'T YOU REALIZE NONE OF THIS
WOULD EVER HAVE HAPPENED
IF I DIDN'T THINK
AT THAT SAME MOMENT
YOU WERE HAVING
SEX WITH MARK?
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S SAY I HAD SLEPT WITH MARK.
WOULD YOU HAVE BEEN ABLE
TO FORGIVE ME?
YES, I WOULD.
YOU'D BE OKAY IF YOU KNEW
THAT MARK HAD KISSED ME
AND BEEN NAKED WITH ME
AND MADE LOVE TO ME?
YES.
IF YOU KNEW THAT OUR HOT,
SWEATY, WRITHING BODIES...
LA LA LA LA LA
LA LA LA LA!
OKAY, OKAY, YEAH, IT...
I WOULD HAVE
BEEN DEVASTATED
BUT...
I WOULD STILL WANT
TO BE WITH YOU...
BECAUSE IT'S...
I MEAN, IT'S YOU.
All:
AWW...
WHAT?
COME ON, RACH, TELL ME
WHAT YOU'RE THINKING.
I'M THINKING...
I'M GOING TO
ORDER A PIZZA.
ORDER A PIZZA, LIKE...
"I FORGIVE YOU"?
OH, MAN... PIZZA.
I LIKE PIZZA.
PUT OLIVES ON THE PIZZA.
WE COULD EAT THE WAX.
IT'S ORGANIC.
OH, GREAT--
FOOD WITH HAIR ON IT.
NO, NOT THE
USED WAX...
BECAUSE THAT WOULD BE CRAZY?
HEY, COULD I...
COULD I GET IN ON THAT
'CAUSE I'M KIND
OF HUNGRY MYSELF.
I'M FINE.
HI. YES, I'D LIKE
TO ORDER A LARGE PIZZA.
( whispering ):
NO ANCHOVIES.
WITH EXTRA ANCHOVIES.
IT'S OKAY,
I'LL JUST PICK THEM OFF.
AND COULD YOU PLEASE
CHOP SOME UP
AND PUT IT RIGHT IN THE SAUCE?
YOU CAN HAVE
THE LAST PIECE IF YOU WANT.
WELL, I SHOULD THINK SO.
YOU SLEPT WITH SOMEONE.
THEY'RE GOING TO
GET THROUGH THIS,
AREN'T THEY?
YEAH. COME ON,
IT'S ROSS AND RACHEL.
THEY'VE GOT TO.
WHAT IF THEY DON'T?
YOU THINK
I NEED A NEW WALK?
WHAT?
WELL, YOU KNOW,
I'VE BEEN WALKING THE SAME WAY
SINCE HIGH SCHOOL.
YOU KNOW HOW SOME GUYS--
THEY WALK INTO A ROOM
AND EVERYBODY TAKES NOTICE?
I THINK I NEED
A TAKE-NOTICE WALK.
ARE YOU ACTUALLY
SAYING THESE WORDS?
WHAT, NOW YOU'RE
NOT EVEN TALKING TO ME?
LOOK, RACHEL,
I'M SORRY. OKAY?
I'M SORRY.
I WAS OUT OF MY MIND.
I THOUGHT I'D LOST YOU.
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
COME ON.
HOW INSANE MUST I HAVE BEEN
TO DO SOMETHING
LIKE THIS? HUH?
I DON'T CHEAT. RIGHT?
THAT'S NOT ME.
I'M NOT JOEY.
WHOA!
YEAH, OKAY.
HEY, IT'S 3:00 IN THE MORNING.
THEY DON'T KNOW THAT
I'VE COME HOME YET.
YOU NOTICE HOW NEITHER ONE OF
THEM ARE WONDERING WHERE I AM.
YEAH, PEOPLE COULD BE
SO SELF-INVOLVED.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M NOT THE ONE THAT WANTED
THAT... THAT "BREAK," OKAY.
YOU'RE THE ONE
THAT BAILED ON US.
YOU'RE THE ONE THAT
RAN THE MOMENT THINGS
GOT A LITTLE ROUGH.
THAT'S...
THAT'S WHAT?
THAT IS
NEITHER HERE NOR THERE.
OKAY, WELL, HERE WE ARE.
NOW WE'RE IN
A TOUGH SPOT AGAIN, RACH.
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO?
HOW DO YOU
WANT TO HANDLE IT?
DO YOU WANT TO FIGHT FOR US
OR DO YOU WANT TO BAIL?
LOOK, I...
I DID A TERRIBLE,
STUPID, STUPID THING--
OKAY, AND I'M SORRY.
I WISH I COULD TAKE
IT BACK, BUT I CAN'T.
I JUST CAN'T SEE US
THROWING AWAY SOMETHING WE KNOW
IS SO DAMN GOOD.
RACHEL, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
NO, ROSS.
DON'T!
YOU CAN'T JUST KISS ME
AND THINK YOU'LL
MAKE IT ALL GO AWAY.
IT DOESN'T WORK THAT WAY.
IT DOESN'T JUST
MAKE IT BETTER.
OKAY?
OKAY, OKAY.
I THINK YOU SHOULD GO.
WHAT?
I REALLY THINK
YOU NEED TO GO NOW.
OKAY, OKAY--
THIS MORNING YOU SAID
THERE WAS NOTHING SO BIG
THAT WE COULDN'T WORK
PAST IT TOGETHER.
WHAT THE HELL
DID I KNOW?
LOOK, THERE'S GOT TO BE A WAY
WE CAN WORK PAST THIS, OKAY?
I CAN'T IMAGINE... I CAN'T
IMAGINE MY LIFE WITHOUT YOU
YOU KNOW, WITHOUT...
WITHOUT THESE ARMS...
( sniffling )
AND YOUR FACE
AND YOUR HEART--
YOUR GOOD HEART, RACH, AND...
NO.
I CAN'T. YOU'RE A TOTALLY
DIFFERENT PERSON TO ME NOW.
I USED TO THINK OF YOU
AS SOMEBODY THAT WOULD NEVER
EVER, HURT ME, EVER.
GOD, AND NOW I JUST CAN'T STOP
PICTURING YOU WITH HER.
I CAN'T. IT DOESN'T MATTER
WHAT YOU SAY OR WHAT
YOU DO, ROSS.
IT'S JUST CHANGED
EVERYTHING.
FOREVER.
( Ross crying )
( stammering ):
THIS...
THIS CAN'T BE IT.
I MEAN...
( sighing )
THEN, HOW COME IT IS?
THEY'VE BEEN QUIET
FOR A LONG TIME.
MAYBE SHE KILLED HIM.
LET'S GO.
IS THAT YOUR NEW WALK?
( whispering ):
NO, I REALLY HAVE TO PEE.